Feat/notifications: added pages for notifications (#1770)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/components/status-indicator.mdx

import { StatusCriticalSmall } from 'grommet-icons/icons/StatusCriticalSmall';
import { StatusUnknownSmall } from 'grommet-icons/icons/StatusUnknownSmall';
import { StatusBox } from '../../examples';

import { Box } from 'grommet';

## What makes up a status indicator?

To effectively capture the user’s attention, status indicators are compromised of four different elements:

- Colors
- Icons
- Shapes
- Content

To meet [WCAG 2.1 compliance](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/quickref/#status-messages), at least three out of four elements must always be present.

### Colors

The colors used for Status are found within the [HPE Design System Color guidance](https://design-system.hpe.design/foundation/color#status-colors). Additionally, always pair color with other elements as it is not widely accessible by everyone.

These are some typical situations in which each color could be used: 

- A critical status used to alert a device failure
- A warning status used to notify the user of an expiring license
- A normal status used to communicate that an update has successfully completed
- An unknown status used to indicate that a page cannot be found

### Icons and Shapes

> Icons and shapes are used to represent the notification’s level of severity to users. Here are two sets of icons and shapes created for Statuses found within the [HPE Design System Icons](https://design-system.hpe.design/foundation/icons) page.

Reviewer: Can we remove the comment around "two sets of icons" since it seems we're just using one set?

<StatusBox />

> *** Remember that WCAG 2.1 guidlines states that at least three out of four elements must be present, therefore, this sets will not pass accessibility requirements if it is not paired with another element such as well-written and relevant content. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*** Remember that WCAG 2.1 guidelines states that at least three out of four elements must be present, therefore, this set will not pass accessibility requirements if it is not paired with another element such as well-written and relevant content. 
```

import { StatusGoodSmall } from 'grommet-icons/icons/StatusGoodSmall';
import { StatusWarningSmall } from 'grommet-icons/icons/StatusWarningSmall';
import { StatusCriticalSmall } from 'grommet-icons/icons/StatusCriticalSmall';
import { StatusUnknownSmall } from 'grommet-icons/icons/StatusUnknownSmall';

import { Box } from 'grommet';

## What makes up a status indicator?

To effectively capture the user’s attention, status indicators are compromised of four different elements:

- Colors
- Icons
- Shapes
- Content

> To meet WCAG 2.1 compliance, at least three out of four elements must always be present.

Reviewer: Can we link to the compliance guidance here?

### Colors

The colors used for Status are found within the [HPE Design System Color guidance](https://design-system.hpe.design/foundation/color#status-colors). Additionally, always pair color with other elements as it is not widely accessible by everyone.

These are some typical situations in which each color could be used: 

- A critical status used to alert a device failure
- A warning status used to notify the user of an expiring license
- A normal status used to communicate that an update has successfully completed
- An unknown status used to indicate that a page cannot be found

### Icons and Shapes

Icons and shapes are used to represent the notification’s level of severity to users. Here are two sets of icons and shapes created for Statuses found within the [HPE Design System Icons](https://design-system.hpe.design/foundation/icons) page.

> <Box direction="row" gap="small" pad={{bottom: 'medium'}}>

Reviewer: It might be nice to label each shape with the associated status

    <StatusGoodSmall color="status-ok" />
    <StatusWarningSmall color="status-warning" />
    <StatusCriticalSmall color="status-critical" />
    <StatusUnknownSmall color="status-unknown" />
</Box>

*** Remember that WCAG 2.1 guidlines states that at least three out of four elements must be present, therefore, this sets will not pass accessibility requirements if it is not paired with another element such as well-written and relevant content. 

### Content

> Do This:

Reviewer: can we bold the "Do This" / "Don't Do This" sections?

> - When constructing Content be sure to use words, phrases, and concepts familiar to the user, rather than internal jargon. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When constructing content be sure to use words, phrases, and concepts familiar to the user, rather than internal jargon. 
```
Since "Content" isn't an actual component, would it make more sense for it just to be lowercase?

Reviewer 2: Is there a relevant place to link within the Voice & Tone page for this?
